# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? DriverPass wanted to provide a training for driving students. The company saw too many students from the DMV was failing. They wanted to provide more resources for students. The client wanted a web-based system that would include practice-test, study resources, classes, and a booking options for in class training. • What did you do particularly well? I believe I did particularly well at understanding the client’s objective and goals. • If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I would choose project one. I think I rushed the shortpaper.  • How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? I believe I took the users request and implemented them all in the design portion. For example they want a scheduling option for in person training- I included that within the system design. It’s so important to consider the users ideas because you want to great a positive experience within the company and build future business. • How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system? Using data flow chart to get a visual layout of how the system would function. I would ask the client what the budget is. This way to better utilize software programs and tools for the developing team.
